<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en">
  <head>
  <meta charset="utf-8">
  <title> Portfolio-Work Experience </title>
  <meta name="author" content=SamCorreia>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="workexperience.css">
  </head>

<body>
    <h1> Short Stories </h1>

  <h2> Hell is empty and all the devils are here </h2>

    <p> 
    “Why the hell do we have to go to this meeting?” Aamon said as he hopped down from his perch. His concrete skin moved as he stretched. Sitting curled up all day will really destroy your back. 

“Are you kidding? We invented staff meetings, remember? I think that was Dantalion’s doing. And yes, why the hell exactly, because Hell asked us to” Milton replied from his nearby perch. 

They climbed up the side of the building and met in the bell tower. The hundreds of gargoyles and grotesques that decorated the outside of the building had a meeting every two weeks. Usually on Tuesdays at 2am, but sometimes there was a scheduling conflict and they had to move it to Wednesdays. Demons love scheduling conflicts.
Now, imagine the worst staff meeting you’ve ever had to go to. The longest presentation delivered by a person who had a cold, but also has a very monotonous voice. And everyone is hungry and tired and time barely moves at all. It’s sort of like that, except much worse. 
	Once they reached the bell tower, Aamon and Milton flew around the rafters a bit and then perched on an empty beam. They did a lot of perching. For almost 900 years actually. Needless to say, even though they were demon spirits, their joints still ached. 
The rafters were full of gargoyles. All of them had concrete skin that could move; many of them had wings, abut only some of them had fangs. And they all worked for Satan himself, CEO of Hell. 
	“Hi everyone, thanks for coming today” Forneus said, moving his arm and attempting to quiet the group. Forneus always led the staff meetings because he did, after all, teach Rhetoric and languages. He held professional development meetings once a month on using language to temp and bribe and trick mortals. Other demons kept chatting, because being rude to a speaker is something that demons specialize in. 
	Forneus continued, saying “Just some reminders before we get to our group activity and main presentation on demonic technologies!” Forneus waved his hands in what could only be described as jazz hands. Forneus really had too much excitement and energy for 2 in the morning. Usually at this hour, when they didn’t have staff meetings, Aamon would be either sleeping or terrorizing drunk Parisians, but he never did his job with this much excitement and gusto. All of the other grotesques basically hated Forneus, but he was too excited about meetings to notice. 
	“A reminder that, during the day, we are supposed to sit still on the side of the building as a way to prevent the prayers from the Cathedral of making any impact. Because of all of the tourists and their new age telephone cameras—which we’ll be learning more about today in our presentation! —they might notice if a bunch of us were missing. If you need to run a demonic errand and leave your post, just let one of your supervisors know. But for the most part, please stay on your perches and don’t interact too much with the humans.”

A hand shot up. 

“Yes Halphas?” Forneus said, clearly excited that someone was taking an interest.

“But what if a tourist tried to fucking touch me, can I eat his head?” 

Forneus sighed. This was something that got asked a lot. “Please try to limit the number of tourists that you eat or harm during the day. It really can cause quite a mess. At night you can mostly do whatever you want. It’s encouraged that demons terrorize humans at night and make their miserable lives more difficult” he said with a smile “but during the day it draws a lot of attention and we don’t need any more calls from down below. Remember, the tourists must think that we’re just part of the architecture.” 

There was a lot of signing and eye-rolling from the crowd of grotesques. 

“So remember!” Forneus said “our focus is to terrorize humans at night and prevent prayers during the day. I think we have lost our focus a bit as demons. We really want to be creating new problems for humans. Now, let’s transition to group work on brainstorming new ideas for pain and suffering.” 
“This group work is causing me pain and suffering” Milton whispered to Aamon. 
“Well that’s what we’ll put for number one then, ‘group work.’” 

Aamon didn’t really like his job. Well, he liked the bit where he got to annoy and terrorize people. That was always quite amusing. But he hated all of the other bits—the meetings, reporting back to the boss, having to stay at the Cathedral. He supposed it was better than the jobs some of the other demons had. His friend Dante had a desk job editing memos and notetaking for Satan’s meetings. 
Aamon didn’t really put a lot of effort into his job—until, he got the best idea that he had in centuries. 

When Forneus saw the spire burning, he thought, this is going to be a lot of paperwork. It was almost 7:00pm; it was a bit dark, and the grotesques were just getting ready for their evening torments. When they noticed the flames, however, many of the demons started flying in circles around the Cathedral. HR will definitely have to deal with this. Forneus knew he had to hold an emergency meeting, and soon.  
	Milton had been taking a nap when Aamon woke him up. “Milton, you bastard, wake up. It’s burning! Wake up!” 
	“What are you on about?” Milton said blearily. After tea, he had been enjoying a nice nap. He liked to sleep on the job a lot. 
	“Turn around, can’t you see it? I can’t believe it worked.”
	“Can’t believe what worked?” But in that moment Milton forgot his question, because from their perches he could see it. Smoke rising from the building, like the fires of hell reaching towards heaven. Heafon rece swealg—Heaven swallowed the smoke. 
	“C’mon, don’t be a statue, move! We have to go.”
	

	While the building burned above, they met below, in the catacombs. Forneus tried to calm them all. Halphas was just in a corner, screaming; not because he was frightened, but because he loved chaos. “Attention!” shouted Forneus. “As you saw, it appears that the cathedral is burning. Now, we don’t know why, or from what cause, or whether it was Heaven or Hell’s doing. Once I get more information, I will be sure to pass it on to you.” 

Aamon called out “So you really don’t know who it is? I think this person—or creature—deserves a metal or something.”

Forneus said “No, at this moment we do not know what’s happening or why.”

Aamon responded, two concrete hands up in the air. He sauntered over to Forneus, smiling. “Alright, alright, you’ve worn me down, you found me.”

Forneus replied, “Pardon?”

“You got me! I mean, truly brilliant detective work. It was me, I set the fire. You’re welcome.” Clearly being cocky was one of his favorite demonic attributes. 

All of the demons were silent for once. It was as silent in the catacombs as, well—as silent as a tomb. 

Halphas didn’t hold back his surprise. “You set the bloody fire? Why the fuck would you do that?” 

Aamon stared at everyone as if the answer was obvious. “Because, we’re demons? And I thought it would be a nice surprise for the big guy downstairs,” he said with a smile. 

Forneus hid his face behind his hands. 

Aamon was starting to lose some of his gloating expression, but he was determined to plead his case. “C’mon, this is our thing! Destruction! Torment! Loss! What about that stupid staff meeting, where we had to think of ways to make mortals suffer? What will make them suffer more than seeing their precious historical landmark burned down?”

Forneus could barely process what was happening. How did I get put in charge of these idiots? This is going to be so much paperwork. 

“Yes Aamon, we love the pain and suffering. But think about it; why do you stand guard on the walls of the cathedral? To stop prayers from going from the people to the people upstairs.”

“Yes, but I’m not burning down the entire cathedral, only a few areas to make people sad. Burning down bits of the cathedral will lessen its power.”

“Fine, but what’s going to happen when this gets on the news in like 5 minutes? Millions of people from all over the globe are going to be praying. They will be channeling all of their prayers towards the Cathedral, and even with the spire down that’s still a significant amount of power towards Heaven.” 

“C’mon, it’ll be fine. You need to stop worrying.” He tried to act cool, but really, Aamon was worried. 

“Ugh, I’ll have to talk to management about this.” Forneus replied, exhausted.  

“Or you could, you know, not do that” Aamon pointed out. “Why do they have to know? We could tell them it was a candle or something.” 


They didn’t tell Satan it was a candle. That’s what they told the press, but Satan knows everything, and Forneus and the other demons knew that they couldn’t hide it from him. He had spies everywhere. 
Forneus held a meeting with Aamon. More bloody meetings. 

“Aamon, we appreciate your, how shall I put this, work ethic. However, Heaven is throwing a party because of all the prayers, and the boss isn’t very happy with the whole burning-down-the-cathedral thing. He has requested that you get transferred Below. You will be splitting your time between the Mentoring Program and the Advocatus Diaboli Division.”
“Are you kidding me? Forneus, you know I can’t do that! Mentoring stupid young demons and being devil’s advocate? Jesus Christ kill me now.”
“If Jesus could, I’m sure he would. But my wings are tied; I can’t help you. You’ll be transferred in the morning.”
Aamon slunk back to his perch near Milton. 
“Rough meeting, huh?” Milton said.
“Yeah, they’re transferring me.”
“What? They can’t do that; you’ve been here for 900 years.”
“Yeah, well, apparently, they can. Mentoring stupid teenage demons on how to be evil. And Advocatus Diaboli! I can’t be the devil’s advocate, that guy’s a jerk. I really will be in Hell.” 
That’s when Aamon had his second-best idea in centuries. 
“You know what Milton” Aamon said, “Maybe I should just leave. You know, travel.”
“And by ‘travel’ do you mean exile yourself? What, you’re gonna live a life on the run? Are you insane? They’d find you.” 
“Please, Satan is too busy to care about one demon. I’ll be fine.” Probably a lie, but whatever. Aamon had made up his mind. He’d hide in the shadows— it’s what demons were good at. He’d hide around Paris, or maybe go to Rome or London. 
“Milton, if they ask, just say that you were out tormenting some journalists or something and didn’t see me leave.” 

Aamon looked up at the Cathedral. The fire had stopped, and the tower had fallen. But it was still beautiful, even if it was built as a symbol of holiness. 

And then he looked out over Paris. It was night, but the city was still ablaze with light. 

“Goodbye, Milton. Ruin some lives for me” he said with a nod and a wink. Then he flew off into the Paris sky. 

    </p>
    
 <h2> The City2 Bus </h2>

    <p> 
I paid the driver of the bus and found a seat on the upstairs half. I never went on those tourist buses for the precise reason that they were full of the type of people who would stop in the middle of the street and not notice or care about blocking the path of the person behind them. 
	Often times I would walk around and wonder what Oxford looked like in the time of Tolkien and Lewis. Probably quite similar, given that some of these buildings were hundreds of years old. There most definitely was not a mall at the end of Cornmarket Street. Or a Boots. Or crowds and crowds of people, to the point where you feel like you’re suffocating. 
	But I knew so much of it must have been the same. Christ Church Meadow. Exeter College. The Eagle and Child, or rather the Lamb and Flag. The Thames. The Bodleian, of course. This was Tolkien’s Oxford, the place that he adored. In my mind, I could see him sitting outside, drawing maps of Middle Earth on the backs of students’ exams. 
	Everyone wants to think that they’re the new Inklings. If you live in Oxford long enough, then you start to resent it a bit. The tourists, the faint breeze of pretentiousness, the tourist garbage they sell in the shops. I wondered if Tolkien ever resented the city, even after all it had done for him. 
	With my job at the Oxfordshire County library, I enjoyed Oxford from what felt like afar. Even though I lived in Oxford, went and bought Blackwell’s coffee almost every day, it still felt like I was keeping the city at a distance. The city loved me and I loved the city back, but there was always an unidentifiable distance. 
	Perhaps that I felt that, if I could just learn enough about Tolkien and his life, then he would help me understand the city and why I felt like I was coming home and lost all at the same time. I poured over books about the man, attended lectures, even emailing with DPhil students at the university to ask about their research. They were always happy to oblige. I didn’t want to be part of that space; my public library job was like a dream. 
	Maybe it was better that I had that emotional space between me and the city, loving something so much that you couldn’t imagine leaving. But loving something so much that you don’t know how to be around it some days. I think that if I thought the city belonged to me, that somehow, I had earned the right to feel like I was from Oxford, then the city would be different to me. My heart was hurting for a city that I lived in every day. It was so full of so many people every year, but loved me back all the same. After all this time, the city still opened up streets for me and left me in my own. 
	I found an empty seat on the top of the bus, right near a large window. I took the bus every day to get to work; I lived on the outskirts of Oxford, so while it would be possible to ride my bike or something, it would be a damn far ride. I looked out the window as the bus lurched forward. It was fall in the city, so there weren’t as many tourists. Sometimes, after work, I just ride the bus around the city center and watch the crowds. The buildings looked gorgeous as always as we sped by and turned dangerously sharp corners. 
I had forgotten my headphones at home, and overheard the two men talking in the seat in front of me. The men both appeared to be in their late twenties. 
“Clive, my dear man, I’ve been giving it some thought and I really think that you ought to change the ending a bit. It could use some work. There’s a lot of dialogue, which is sufficient, but not enough description. It doesn’t seem like an ending at all.” 
“Oh. because you’re an expert on endings? ‘There and back again,’ you say, and how is that original?”
	“It is not supposed to be the least bit original, and that’s the point. No fairy tale is original; they’re meant to be repeated and stolen and dissected and....” 
	“So you say, but really, your endings are a bit predictable. They always were.”
	“Clive, as I have told you many times, predictability is not the enemy. Would you tell Milton that the Fall is predictable? ‘She plucked, she eat: Earth felt the wound.’ Of course, we knew that would happen.” 
	“Oh, so you’re comparing yourself to Milton now?” The other man said, smiling. “Ronald, really, you used to be so humble.” 
	The other man, Ronald, chuckled quietly. He turned and looked out the window as we stopped outside of the History of Science museum. 
	Clive pointed out the window at a man walking down the street, dressed in what appeared to be a full hobbit costume. Not entirely out of place in a city like Oxford. 
	“Ha ha! Ronald, that’s another pint for me,” the other man said, pointing to the man in a vest and green pants. 
	“My word, that’s your second one today. You know, this really isn’t fair, considering that your characters are a lot more difficult to dress up as. What with them being lions and satyrs and all. I haven’t seen one of yours in ages, though there was that woman in the white dress not that long ago.”
	“Fair’s fair. Two pints is well worth the literary criticism that you’ve been handed out today, thank you.”
	“Since when have you been perturbed by criticism? It’s what we do.”
I was intrigued by their conversation. Obviously, it being Oxford, people talked about characters constantly, as if they were part of the mythology of the city itself. But people often didn’t speak of the characters as if they had written them. 
	“Fine, fine. So, shall it be Bird and Baby tonight, then? Or Lamb and Flag?”
	“Ah, I’m thinking Lamb and Flag. Always a bit quieter. Plus, there was that one bloke that the Bird and Baby who wouldn’t stop staring at us, wasn’t that awkward?”
	“Yes, quite.”
	“Do you think he recognized us? Or had a bit too many pints?”
	“I’d say the latter, but most likely both.” 
	“You know Ronald, I’ve heard folks talk about how great the new pubs are in London. And if there’s one thing I miss, it’s the beer in Cambridge.” 
	“There’s no point in focusing on the past; you know we can’t leave the city.”
	“I know, I know. I’m just saying it would be nice.” 
Two weeks later, I got on the bus again after work. I saw two men walk onto the bus and claim the seats in front of me. It was them. Clive and Ronald. They were bickering. They always were. Arguing about some writings, as usual. 
	If eternity was being in your favorite city, talking about things that you loved with your good friend, then I welcomed the idea of it. 
</p>

<h2>My Body Will One Day Decay</h2>
<p>
Some day when we’re old, we’ll ask ourselves how we got old. We won’t see it coming. My skin will be full of wrinkles. I’ll probably have a lot of health problems and death will be nearby. Our tattoos will be stretched out and faded. I will think about dying a lot, because even as a young person I worried about dying a lot. I will have written about dying and all of the people that I looked up to will have died and I will think “how did it come to this.” 
We’ll have lived through terrible things and beautiful things. I never thought about the future. Well, I did, but I never knew what the future would look like. I couldn’t picture myself as old. But part of me knew that we would always be together. Our hands will have arthritis. We’ll get sick with cancer or Alzheimer’s. We won’t think about the future because we won’t have much time left. 
I’ll worry about one of us having to live without the other one. I never want to live a minute without you. My body has been decaying for a long time. Since we were young, I think. Seconds tick by. We won’t be as pretty as we used to be. Things will be hard to do and we won’t be able to walk. We’ll feel so alone. And I hope you love me even more then. I know you will still be beautiful. 
</p>

<h2>The Song at the End of Your Life</h2>
<p>
“Hi mum” I called out as I opened the front door. I walked down the hall and I heard my mom talking to someone, which was strange because I didn’t recognize the voice. 

“Oh hi love, how are you?” My mother stood up and gave me a hug. “Would you like some tea? I just made some.” 

“Sure, I’d love some.” I replied. The other woman sitting at the kitchen table was unfamiliar to me. She was drinking tea out of a mug that I had made when I was in school. She seemed about my age, mid-twenties, with long, dark red hair. 

“Oh honey, this is Aisling. Aisling, this is my daughter Brenna.” 
I shook her hand, and she gave me a warm smile. 

“Your mother has been telling me all about you” Aisling said. “You live over in Cambridge, right?” 

“Yeah, I do.” I drank my tea and waited for my mother to explain who Aisling was, exactly. I tried to think about how they might have met. From the hospital? Or maybe volunteering?

“Oh yes, Aisling stopped by and I made her some tea. We’ve been talking for oh, maybe an hour now. She’s just lovely. She’s a banshee, you know.” 

“Sorry? A banshee?” I look at my mom, then at Aisling, confused. I must have misheard. 

“Yes dear, a banshee. Don’t tell me you’ve forgotten; Lord knows we’ve talked about them a lot.” 

By “our stories” my mom meant fairy tales and Irish stories. We didn’t have a lot of family; it was just my mum and me for my entire life. But she told fairy stories like they were family secrets, passed through the years. 

“Yes mum, I’m quite familiar with the term, I just, I don’t know…” don’t know what’s worse, this random woman in my mum’s home saying she’s a banshee, or my mum believing her, I thought. 

My mum had been sick for a long time. Cancer. I was at her house almost every day, taking care of her, cooking, cleaning, bringing her to appointments. She talked about “our stories” all the time. I was worried about her dying, of course. I worried about it at every moment. I was taking care of my mother at 24 the way that many people care for their elderly parents, except my mother wasn’t elderly. Just very ill. But she told me not to worry, because her banshee would warn her when she was to die. She didn’t seem to be afraid of death because of it. She said had a heard a banshee when her mother died, and her father as well. I didn’t have the energy to tell her these last few months that there wouldn’t be a banshee. She would just die, maybe at the hospital, maybe at home. I wasn’t sure if my worst nightmare was seeing my mother die or not being there for her in the end. She believed whole-heartedly in the stories; banshees, fairies, everything. But I never did. They were always more of a mythology to me. Legends. 

Awhile ago, my mum had told me the story about when she had heard her father’s banshee. Her father had been a farmer and had been working on the fields. She had been a kid, only ten years old. She had heard a song then, that was sort of a combination a song and a scream. She wondered who was singing, and went outside to check. She saw her father laying on the ground, dead from a heart attack. 

She said that she had heard a banshee every time someone in her life had died. Her mother, her brother, her best friend from childhood. She had only met a banshee once, when her brother had died. The woman was very old, 

She even had a painting that she had done of a banshee hanging in our living room, like a shrine. She felt that she was being followed by banshees her entire life. I thought that perhaps she was being followed by Death. 

 
My mom went to the cupboard and took out some biscuits. She looked quite young, though her illness had made her look very tired over the last few years. 

“Well I was in the kitchen, washing the dishes, and I heard the most beautiful song. At first, I thought it was on the radio, but then I knew what was happening. Then Aisling here appeared. I was so excited to meet her Brenna, I told you I’d get to meet her. I had just put the kettle on and I invited her to stay for tea, I couldn’t be rude.” 

“You know, people never invite me for tea. It’s been ever so lovely being here, thanks again.” Aisling said. She smiled shyly and I noticed her green eyes. 

Again, I stared at my mum. She seemed fine. She didn’t seem at all worried about the fact that, apparently, she was to die any moment. 

“Mum” I started out, cautiously. “Are you sure you heard her singing? If you heard the song, then…you know what that means, right?” I didn’t know whether to start laughing or start crying. 

“Of course I know what’s happening. Look, I’ve left you this journal, just some stories I’ve been writing these last few months, I hope you like them. I think everything else should be squared away, right? Funeral, the burial the will, all that?” She was going through a mental checklist in her head apparently, like it was as simple as packing for vacation. Or a shopping list. 

“Mum, if you’re feeling ill, we should call an ambulance right away. Call Dr. Lawrence, get you some help. Have you been taking your treatment medication?” 

“Brenna, we knew this day would come and I’m not dying in a hospital when I could die at home. Not with those doctor staring at me like I’m under a piece of glass.” 

I was torn between panic and confusion and anger. 

“Mum, we’ve got to do something” 

“I already told you…” and at that moment, she bent over and yelled in pain.

“Mum! What’s wrong, what hurts?” 

“I think I should lay down.” Aisling grabbed my mother’s other arm and helped me guide her to the bedroom. I was in such a panic that I couldn’t be mad at Aisling. Some part of my brain was questioning why the hell this woman was here, why she wasn’t telling me what was wrong. But panic took over. 

Once we laid her down, Aisling started to sing. All I could do was stare. Again, I wanted to yell and scream and say that singing wouldn’t help. But I couldn’t. Because it was the most beautiful song I had ever heard. Heartbreaking and loving all at once. I couldn’t describe it. I couldn’t even tell you what she was singing about. I didn’t understand the words, but I somehow understood that the song was about thousands of years of pain and sadness and suffering and love. 

I snapped out of it and ran to the other room to call 911. I told the operator that my mother was sick with cancer and she was ill. Aisling was still singing when I went back to my mother’s bedside. My mother looked lovingly between me and Aisling. Again, part of my brain thought that this random woman didn’t deserve to see my mother dying. But at the same moment, I understood what was happening, just as my mother understood for all these years. 

When Aisling stopped singing, I said “Mum, it’s going to be okay, we’re getting you help, the ambulance is on the way. You’ll be fine.”

“Brenna, I love you more than you will ever know. You always were my entire world.”

By the time the paramedics got in, she was already gone. 

Aisling came to the hospital with me and was there when they pronounced my mother dead. 
Over the next week, she stayed with me in my mother’s house and held my hand when I cried and cried. She would sit with me in the middle of the night when I couldn’t sleep. I didn’t have the energy to ask why she was there, in the house, with me. I knew a lot about banshees, from all the stories over the years. And I never heard a story where the banshees stayed to help the grieving. Those who were left to sort through it all. 

“So is this part of it?” Aisling had been in the house for 2 days, through all the visitors and phone calls. I was sitting at the kitchen table, organizing the funeral information. brought me a cup of tea. 

Aisling tilted her head and tucked a piece of long hair behind her hair. “Is what part of it?”

“This. You, here. Bringing me tea. Helping me. I didn’t know banshees stuck around. I guess I had never thought about it, but…”

“Oh, did you want me to go? I don’t usually stick around, but I thought…I’m so sorry, I should have asked. Gosh, I’m being so rude.” 

“No, I didn’t mean it that way, I was just wondering. You should stay. Please.”

And that was that. She stayed the rest of the week. None of my friends or other visitors questioned the woman with the dark red hair and kind eyes who sat next to me, in the kitchen. She didn’t come to the funeral service, because she said she didn’t want to intrude. But she helped me go through my mother’s things. We laughed at old pictures from me as a baby, ridiculous pictures of me in Halloween costumes from childhood. 

Aisling never told me that it would be alright, like everyone else did. She was just there. Eating dinner with me. Drinking tea and watching whatever was on tv. I told her stories about my mum. How she had been a teacher before she got sick. How the students sent her cards. How much she loved those goddamn kids. 

My mum had a big old house in Brookline. One of those houses that was build in the 1800s. It had lots of rooms and she was always having friends over, especially when she got sick. It wasn’t the house that I grew up in; that was in Vermont. She loved that house, and I did too. The hardwood floors that creaked and the old doors. She had made me promise not the sell it when she left the house for me. So, 2 weeks after my mother died, I moved all of my things out of my apartment in Cambridge and moved in. Aisling helped me, and I set up one of the spare bedrooms for her. We never even really talked about it. 

Aisling eventually told me about her life. How she was born with the power to be a banshee. The power seemed to transfer almost randomly to different women. The first deaths that she had announced were her parents’. Now, she just travelled around, announcing deaths. She was quite alone. 

She told me about her travels. She had been all around England, Ireland, and now America, announcing deaths. 

We had developed a routine. One of us would make tea and breakfast in the mornings. I was a writer and worked full time at a local bookshop that was quite popular. Aisling would sometimes stay home, sometimes come to work with me. Eventually she got back to work too, so to speak. She started announcing deaths again. Sometimes she would be gone for just an afternoon, sometimes a few days. She announced a lot of local deaths, but sometimes would go to another part of the country and stay awhile to see the town or city. But she always came back to me. 

I eventually moved into the spare bedroom with her. She would read while I would work at my desk on some writings, or do a book review for the local paper. 

I once asked her how she knew where the next death was. 
“I just know the address. In my head. And I know how to get there. Sometimes I just find myself there without even having thought about it. The travelling can be instantaneous. But I like to drive, sometimes.” 

We were sitting in the living room. She was reading a book, head on my lap. I looked down at her and said, “You know, I never asked. Why did you stay? This is your job, you usually don’t stick around with the family afterwards.” 

“Because your mother wasn’t afraid of me. And neither are you. I have never had a person be nice to me when I’m announcing their death. Not ever. If they do know what’s going on, they usually beg and plead and cry. Or get angry. And it was hard at first, but I’m used to it now. But your mother made me a cup of tea. She asked me about my day, as if she wasn’t going to die in a few hours. Most people ask me why, what’s happening to them, blame me for their death. And it’s not my doing; I’m just the messenger, not Death. Death right now belongs to John. I knew him as a boy, actually. We were childhood friends.”

I laughed, “you were friends with Death as a kid?” 

She laughed too. “I suppose it does sound a bit weird, yes.” 

After a while she spoke again. “Why weren’t you afraid of me? Why did you let me stay?” 

“I suppose for the same reason as you. Because my mother wasn’t afraid.” 

I loved Aisling for so long. I can still remember what falling in love with her felt like. It had been five years since my mother died. Aisling and I even got married, last year, though it was a small ceremony and there were only a few people in attendance. We went for a walk in the park after our wedding. Then we went to Ireland, and went to all of the places that my mom had told me about in her stories. 

One day, in October, Aisling came home crying. I was worried, because she was in Vermont on some death calls and was taking a long drive back. 

“Hey honey, I thought you weren’t going to be home until tomorrow. Is everything okay? God, have you been crying? What’s wrong?” 

She said nothing. She just held me and sang that song again, the one that I had only heard once before. And I knew.
</p>

<h2>The Man Who Looked Out Over Broad Street</h2>
<p> 
You haven’t noticed me. Every day I stand out over Broad Street, watching. I have seen you all. Taking pictures, going to work, laughing, worrying, begging. But people barely look up. And even when you do, what do you see? I doubt that anyone would know that there’s a person in there. In all that metal. Stuck for years and years. 
I don’t know how long I’ve got. But I know that I’ve been here a very long time. I’ve been here so long that I do not remember how I got inside. Or who put me here. But I know I did not step in willingly. I stand watch, but I cannot do anything. Only watch. 
Every once in a while, I will see someone look at me. They look up. And it is like feeling the sunshine on my skin again. But I can only imagine, because I am always cold. So many years of being cold, I will probably never get out again. 
I am behind you and in front of you and yet I do not move. All of you. I watch you all look so happy or frustrated or in love or angry. I was once like you, I think, though I can no longer remember that either. 
I don’t think I have been standing upon this roof for very long but it feels like forever. Like all of the past of the city and the present and future combined. Yesterday. This time, tomorrow? Another time, too. 
I think I was supposed to be made as art. Or rather, this metal. I suppose we are one in the same now. But does art still exist if no one looks at it? No one looks at me, and if they do, they do not see me as art. I just know. 
Some days I lose the feeling of being alive. I have forgotten what it was like to speak or cry. No one will ever touch me again. But I still love you. From this roof edge. 
</p>

<h2>Hell's Head Librarian</h2>
<p>
“Hi! It’s so nice to meet you, welcome! I’m Ryan, the head librarian. I’ll be your tour guide for today. I’ve been working here for about, oh, 210 years now. Here in the Library of Hell, we have a pretty large collection of materials. We store a lot of books here, but we also have a large archives collection in the lower floors of the library. 
“Here is our entranceway. About 150 years ago, we underwent a major renovation into a more Victorian Gothic design for our front hall, which was considered very modern at the time. H.H. Holmes was even involved in some of the design of the space, so there are a lot of secret passageways and such. It’s my favorite part of the building!
“As you can see, we keep a large amount of artwork and artifacts here as well. Here we have two statues of two Greek Gods that were associated with the Underworld—Thanatos and Hypnos. We also have a painting here, entitled Satan Calling Up His Legions by William Blake. And as we walk down the hallway, you’ll see Dante and Virgil by William-Adolphe Bouguereau.
“Each person who comes to Hell can get their own library card. We specialize in carrying materials from libraries that have burned down. Whenever someone burns a book, a copy immediately gets added to our collection. Therefore, we have the entire collection from the Library of Alexandria. We also like to keep items in the collection from authors that have joined us here in Hell—we have many classic authors, like H.P. Lovecraft, Edgar Alan Poe, and Shakespeare. Many of the books in our collection are detailed nonfiction books about things that probably got you into Hell: murder, robbery, et. cetera. We also have many books about more abstract concepts: anger, lust, and greed, to name a few. 
“Right now, we’re passing the Individualized Collection. The contents of the books in this room change based on who reads them. One of the most popular books that gets checked out from this room is Opinions of Others. The person who reads it learns what people really thought about them in life. We also have a book entitled The Secrets of Life, in which all of your secrets get published in the book. Here in the Library of Hell, anyone can check out any book about another person in Hell. Like a really detailed biography. Isn’t that fun?
“In our Rare Books and Manuscripts Collection, we have some first editions: Milton’s Paradise Lost, Hitler’s Mein Kampf, Dante’s Inferno. The Rare Books and Manuscripts Collection is right near our Archives Department. In our Archives Department, we store many items from tyrants, authors, murders, artists, and dictators. One of my personal favorites in the collection: the guillotine blade that killed Marie Antoinette. 
“All of these items and more can be viewed in with a Hell Library Card. All patrons have free access to any book or item in the library. We have a saying here: ‘Information is always free, but you pay the price for knowledge.’ 
	“Well, that brings us to the end of our tour! Thank you so much for visiting the Library of Hell. If you are interested in getting a library card to brighten up your eternity of suffering, please see one of our librarians and they would be happy to assist you.”  
</p>

<h2>Servants' Staircase</h2>
<p>
The home was unlike any I had ever seen. I believed that it grew and changed. Some days, I would walk downstairs and see a door that I would have sworn wasn't there before. Everything seemed to be infinite. Hidden compartments, secret stairs, and floorboards that sounded as if they were talking to you as you walked on them. Maybe they were.
I loved the house the moment I saw it. It was many years ago now. In that moment I knew that my days would probably end there too. But it would be worth it. 
My room was on the third floor. At the time, I was renting the room. It became mine. An old ornate rug covered a section of the hardwood floor. My bed was pushed into the corner. Because the wall was slanted, my bed always felt like it was being pulled into the wall, as if the room itself would eat me alive. 
The door didn't close all the way. Even back then, I spent most of my time in my room. The people that I was renting from were nice enough. I did not know them before, but a friend of a friend's relative was looking to rent out some rooms. The house was Victorian. I lived on the third floor, where there were two other bedrooms besides my own and a small alcove in the hallway with two chairs. 
Supposedly, there was a man who also lived on the third floor with me, or so I was told by Rose, the owner of the house. But I never saw him. I would listen, day in and day out, for footsteps to walk by my room and down the small servants’ staircase. When the house was first built, the servants had lived on the third floor and had used the side staircase that lead down to the kitchen. I was not a servant to Rose, but I served that house for my entire life. 
Rose would often speak of him. Jefferson was his name. She would leave out tea for him, and it would go untouched. 
One day I could not handle it any longer. I needed to know if Jefferson was real. I walked down the curved hallway and knocked on his door. At that point, I had been there for an entire year and I had never seen him. Never to get food, or use the bathroom. Many times, I stayed up all night to see if perhaps he was awake during the night, like an animal. But I heard nothing. 
On that fateful day when I knocked on the door to Jefferson's room, I did not hear a response. Perhaps he was hard of hearing, I thought. My first knock, "rap-rap-rap, rap " was a bit soft due to my nervousness. But my second knock, " rap-rap-rap-rap,rap, rap-rap " was louder. Still, nothing. I tried the door, and it was locked. I gave up and figured that perhaps Rose made him up. Perhaps she was thinking of her long-dead brother, Joseph. The house had been in her family for quite a while, and she was very old. 
But that night, I was awoken by the sound of the exact same knocks on my bedroom door. When I was too nervous to answer, the knocking started up again, with frantic insistency. I grabbed my knife and pulled open the door, desperately wanting to see Jefferson's face, the unknown face that had followed me everywhere in my mind. But when I opened the door, there was no one in the hallway. 
Rose always made tea in the mornings. I would drink my cup or two while she would go on about her family. She had a daughter and a son, both in their fifties, who would visit. They seemed nice enough. Rose, worked part time teaching music lessons and working as a seamstress. I would often hear sad music crawl up to the third floor, the most haunting sounds I had ever heard. Often, her dressing mannequin would be found in the strangest of places. Once in the bathtub. Once in the basement. And once in my closet. 
She once tried to make me a shirt. A button-down with a stiff collar; it was the most beautiful shade of emerald green with intricate gold buttons. She somehow knew my exact size, although she had never taken my measurements. I wore the shirt to my job one day, and when I came home, I could not seem to get the shirt off. I went to unbutton the shirt, and I could not get a single button. I tried for twenty minutes, panic filling my lungs. I wasn't frustrated, but afraid. I caught my reflection in the mirror, trying to take the shirt off. I looked completely unrecognizable. Wild and nervous and panicked. The buttons were normal, the shirt was normal, but I was different. 
Finally, I ripped the buttons off the shirt and desperately pulled the fabric off. My skin was stained dark green and I was sweating. My skin also appeared to be covered in scratch marks, though from what I had no idea. I hung the shirt in the back on my closet and was afraid to even look at it again for three years. 
It seemed that things changed in the house every day. Lamps moved, plates seemed to disappear and reappear. At first, I thought perhaps I just wasn't very observant, but I noticed everything. As much as the house haunted me, I loved every inch of it. The paint that was chipping and fading. The cold nights and hot summers. I couldn't move out because the thought of renting a cold, small apartment somewhere made me fear for my life. I was lonely in the house, but I knew myself too well. I knew that if I lived anywhere else, I would rot away. 
I met folks at school. Women who were kind to me and would buy me coffees. They would ask me about my day, and for a few weeks or a month I'd see them. But I still somehow felt more alone. I never brought them to the house. They would invite me to their apartments for the night or for a few days, but the rooms would quickly start to feel like they belonged to Giovanni, and I would leave and go back to the house. The house was waiting. 
I finished school and got a proper full-time job. I would awake early to catch my train, and somehow tea was always waiting for me. No matter what time I awoke, there would always be tea waiting. I would often wake up at 2am and pad down to the kitchen. The tea would be warm. I was a light sleeper, always awake in the middle of the night. I would have heard the kettle from my room if someone had made the tea, despite being three floors up. The house was like an echo chamber, and I could hear everything. And yet I never heard the kettle. When I asked Rose if she had made the tea, she answered " no dear, I was asleep. " I tested out my curiosity. I awoke at all hours of the morning over multiple weeks. And every time there was always hot tea waiting. 
I had been in the house for seven years years. Friends and family would ask when I was moving out. I said that I didn't know. I could afford to move out. It wasn't Rose's company that I desired either. Sometimes I wouldn't see her for weeks at a time, but she would always come back. She always had some story—seeing friends, or staying with family. She would always come back, until she didn't.
When I hadn’t seen Rose in a month, I called her. I thought perhaps she had gone to visit her sister and hadn’t told me, which happened often. But there was no answer. I called her sister too, and I never heard back either. I reported Rose as missing to the police, but they said that, while they would check up on it, perhaps she had just moved and there was really nothing they could do. 
I didn’t believe them. When I called to see if they had found Rose, they assured me not to worry. They hadn’t found her, but she was probably fine. They said that, unless there was any evidence in the house of her going missing, they couldn’t really do anything. I was angry at their dismissiveness. 
But I stayed at the house. Rose had always told me to take good care of the house, and so I did just that. After that, I was alone in the house. I thought about renting it out, but I suppose I never got around to it. I thought about Molly, and how she got sick. And part of me believed that the house had made her sick. 
During those first few years, Rose had a few lodgers rent out the other rooms in the house. But I was the only one who stayed. Everyone always had a reason to leave, and I never did. 
Molly was smart and beautiful and in school at the same time that I was. She was studying to be a social worker. Molly and I would talk over tea in the mornings, which would turn into talking late into the night in my room. For a while, she would stay in my room more nights than not. But eventually, Molly got sick. She had a hard time walking. I would read to her and bring her food. I would spend hours reading her favorite books to her. She smiled at me and she might have even loved me. 
But she left school and went home for her parents to take care of her. She wrote me a few letters, which I still have. In the letters, she never said what her illness was, and I didn’t want to ask. Perhaps I feared that she was terminally ill. But after a month or so I never heard from her again. Once I tried to visit her—I went to the address on the return label. But the house was empty and barely standing. 
Whenever I had people over for dinner, they would always remark on how beautiful the house was. They would jokingly ask if they could move in. And I thought about it, once or twice. These were my friends. I came home to this empty house every night. But I could never do it, and I didn’t know why. 
I was 32; it had been 10 years. Rose never came back, and I took care of the house. I scrubbed the kitchen and swept the creaky floorboards. I hung up the old curtains and put out old photos of family that did not belong to me. I always felt like I was preparing the house for someone, or something, but I never knew what. 
At that point, Audrey began to live with me. I cared about her a lot. I had a lot of space, and I liked being around her. But she seemed to change, after. She would throw things when I wasn’t in the room. She said people were following her, and she was trying to scare them away. 
She burned some of my books. She said paper and ink were not worth a person’s life. I never understood what she meant by that, and when I tried to ask once, she would just cry. 
Audrey would say that she felt like she was suffocating in the house. I thought perhaps that she meant that I was spending too much time with her, or that she had changed her mind about our relationship. But she said she felt like the house itself was pressing down on her. There were a lot of rooms, but she said that even in such a large house she still felt like she was in a coffin. She sometimes she would wake up in the middle of the night gasping for air or screaming. I would hold her until she calmed down. 
Eventually, she left. She was sick as well, her lungs failing her. She couldn’t climb up the staircases. I tried suggesting that we could move out. But she said that she had to go to the country and spend time recovering. 
As much as the house weighed down on my mind, I couldn’t leave. I still had to take care of it. I was never cold, and I never felt lonely either. The hidden doors and notes in the closets and chipping paint were a reminder, but a reminder of what I never figured out. It was like a history on the tip of my tongue. 
I know that my days will end here. Amongst the old paintings and trunks of clothes and cracked vases. I don’t know who will find me, or if I will be found at all. I’ll burn all of my journals. The house will perhaps claim me as part of it, and will keep on going without me. 
<p>

<h2>The Bride in the Square</h2>
<p>
I love you, but we have never met. But you have told me that you love me many times in your letters to me. To us. It is anything but one-sided. I hope you know that. I read your words with sadness and longing and hope. To finally meet you one day. 

I walk the streets that you once walked. I turn every corner hoping to see you there, but I know that you are in London. But I still hope. 

I imagine you at 22. Singing in a band. I feel anachronistic, waiting for you. I would kiss you in the Yard. Or near the red line. I would fall in love with a bride, standing as still as possible. I would visit you on the street and give you money with my love notes. 

This wine is for you. Please take it. Taste me like the wine. 

We would get married in front of all of the people on Massachusetts Avenue. People wouldn’t even stop, but they would be our witnesses. Maybe you will wear your wedding dress. 

We’ll buy wedding gifts for each other at the Raven. Maybe I would buy you a book on composers. Or philosophy or medieval poetry. 

We’ll sit on a blanket in the Yard and share wedding dessert. Some people would stare, some people would walk right by. And that would be fine with us. You would sing songs to me, to everyone in the Square. Songs about our death and our wedding and sex and coffee. About revolution and sleep. Then we would take the red line back, in our wedding outfits, and fall in love with everyone on the subway. 

We’d walk along the Charles and kiss in front of the skyline. And maybe no one would notice. The city will be our wedding and our song. The city would know. 

Or perhaps, if you were back in Cambridge, you would walk right by me and not notice me. But I would know, and I would see my future slip away. The reality of future brides, now lost. 
</p>

  </body>
</html>
